# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 25-jan-2024<br/>
**Status:** FINAL


## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Jorge Ordovás (Telefónica)
- Pedro Díez (Telefónica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | BlockchainPublicAddress WG Status
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
[Issue#38](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/38) | WG | Linting rule set for Blockchain Public Address API
AoB | WG | Other topics

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | The meeting was a brief update on some administrative and technical topics of the blockchain working group. The main points discussed were:<br> • Asked Georgios as codeowner to review and approve the minutes of the last meeting.<br> • Pedro said that he will be contacting Klaus to know if he is planning to attend again the working group.<br> • Pedro proposed to have meetings based on demand and to use the blockchain slack channel to communicate the topics of the next meetings. Georgios and Rafał agreed with Pedro's approach.<br> • Pedro suggested to keep the current evolution of the justification until the discussions on the blockchain identification and the commonalities were resolved.
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | Still `ON-HOLD` waiting for the business feedback on a privacy evaluation/assesment.
[Issue#38](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/38) | Pedro shared that he already applied the linter in a fork. Thanks to Rafał support and guidelines to enable this. A thread will be opened in the Issue#38 to comment on the results and the necessary particularizations for blockchain. Rafał added that the linter rules might need some changes or updates comming from Commonalities track.
AoB | Next pending points are:<br> • Review the output of the linter and make the necessary adjustments in the API specification.<br> • Follow the thread of the Issue#38 and provide comments or suggestions.<br> • Consult with the business team if there was any new requirement or prioritization for the new year.<br> • Be attentive to the business feedback on the issue #16 and decide how to proceed.<br> • Join the slack channel of blockchain for participants and be aware of the calls for the next meetings.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: TBD, on demand<br/>
