# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date:** 12-dec-2023<br/>
**Status:** FINAL


## Attendees

- Rafał Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
- Georgios Papadopoulos (Deutsche Telekom)
- Krzysztof Sielski (Deutsche Telekom)
- Jorge Ordovas (Telefónica)
- Pedro Díez (Telefónica)


## Goals
Review of Issues/PRs and next steps</br>


Item | Who | Description
---- | ---- | ----
WG Status | WG | BlockchainPublicAddress WG Status
Maintainers and Codeowners | WG | Update Maintainers and Codeowners
[Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | TEF, WG | API Enhancement due to Consent Management
AoB | WG | Other topics

### Items Discussion

Item | Discussion
---- | ---- 
WG Status | API specification v0.2.0-wip is available in code folder. Kept `ON-HOLD`, until some Commonalities guidance are being resolved (i.e. AuthN/AuthZ section), so it can take advantage before generating a new release if required. To be reviewed next year.
Maintainers and Codeowners | Update of maintainers and codeowners:<br> • Maintainers - [PR#35](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/35) `MERGED`: Removed Jose Antonio (TEF) and Sebastian (VF).<br> • Codeowners  - [PR#36](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/pull/36) `MERGED`: Removed Jose Antonio (TEF) and Sebastian (VF). Added Krzysztof (DT).
API Enhancement due to Consent Management - [Issue#16](https://github.com/camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress/issues/16) | Kept `ON-HOLD` until next year.
AoB | Some topics during the meeting:<br> • Pedro (TEF) will ping offline Klaus (VF) to check whether is going to participate within the WG next year as Sebastian has leaved the WG.<br> • Pedro (TEF) comments WG about existance of slack channel that may help to be more agile in tech discussions. [Link](https://join.slack.com/t/camara-project/shared_invite/zt-23bjzwes5-4aLBtE_E1sO0BJhCLBdZVQ). <br> • Rafał (DT) comments about traversal work regarding CAMARA linting rules. Main contributions are [Commonalities/PR#74](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/74) and [Commonalities/PR#110](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/110). Ask for volunteers to apply in Blockchain (Pedro offers as volunteer, will open an issue to track it). Krzysztof (DT) asks about the WoW and Rafał comments the initial intention is to test these linting rules in every CAMARA WG to check its behaviour and make refinements if any.


### Next Steps
- Next Meetings:<br/>
	• Next meeting: 11th January - 13:00 - 14:00 CEST<br/>
